THC 767 create version switcher content (#404)
adjust/dev-docs: src/content/docs/en/kitchen-sink/version-switch.mdx

---
title: "Version switch"
description: "Reference for the version switch component"
slug: en/kitchen-sink/version-switch
---

Use the Version component to group information depending on the version of the SDK.

## Props

Use props to control the behavior of tabs

<Table>

| Prop      | Data type | Required | Description                                                             |
| --------- | --------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `version` | String    | Yes      | A version of the SDK in which we should display content from this block |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `version` | String    | Yes      | The major version number the enclosed content applies to |
```
